---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
"feature-img": img/sample_feature_img_2.png
published: true
---

#What is US-EA CENTRA?

US-EA CENTRA stands for US-East Asia Collaborations to Enable Transnational 
Cyberinfrastructure Applications and refers to a partnership and evolving 
framework for collaborations amongst research centers, institutes and 
laboratories in the USA and East-Asia countries.

#Objectives

CENTRA currently supports collaborative cyberinfrastructure research activities 
designed to educate a new generation of researchers who are technically and 
culturally competent to engage with international scientific networks. Two 
intertwined transformative global trends motivate the scope of technical 
research activities. One is the emergence of software-defined 
cyberinfrastructure, starting with networking components followed by compute and 
storage hardware and extending to middleware and application-software layers. 
The second trend is the emergence of data and software that can be used to help 
understand and solve problems of regional or global nature. These trends are 
intertwined because software-definition can enable heterogeneous transnational 
cyberinfrastructure and applications to interoperate and integrate and, 
conversely, the characteristics and requirements of transnational 
cyberinfrastructure and applications determine the kinds of software-definition 
that need to be implemented. The confluence of these two trends creates many 
novel research questions and disrupts many established IT solutions adopted for 
problems of local or national scope and homogeneous cyberinfrastructures whose 
IT stack components have a static nature with respect to their configuration and 
control. This projects pursues the rigorous understanding and solution of these 
scientific problems via international collaborations which bring out real-world 
contexts of transnational applications and create transnational 
cyberinfrastructure instances where researchers get practical insight.

#Advisory Board

TBA

#Funding

CENTRA is funded in the USA by the US National Science Foundation (NSF). CENTRA 
partners include the Center of Excellence for Cyber-Enablement of Applications 
(CECEA) in Taiwan funded by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) of 
Taiwan, and the ASEAN International Virtual Organization (IVO) funded by the 
National Institute of Information and Communications Technologies (NICT) of 
Japan.
